Olivia Hye: Hello~
Go Won: Hey~
(Slow talkers...)
JinSoul, Go Won, Olivia Hye: The debut concert~
Olivia Hye: Debut~
(Their talking was very slow, so we tried to fast-forward it)
JinSoul: Actaully I think I'm used to it
JinSoul: However we're going to show all 5 new songs
JinSoul: So I'm little nervous
Go Won: Right and the entire team is finally here~
Olivia Hye: You can watch this only on this concert~
Olivia Hye: (Orbit) Fans must be very happy!
ViVi: Pre-release~
Olivia Hye: We love it, too~
(Meanwhile, ViVi's parents came to Korea!)
HaSeul: Her parents came some days ago
Olivia Hye: The members almost welled up with tears after heard that news
Go Won: Tears... almost...
ViVi: After my parents arrived in Korea, all the members were~
HaSeul: They really loved it
ViVi: Right, it seems they loved it
HeeJin: We did the fan meeting at Premier Greeting, you remember?
HeeJin: So I think it would never be nervous at all today
HeeJin: But look, it has bigger stage
HeeJin: And more orbits will come to here, the concert~
HeeJin: Actually it makes me more nervous~
(HeeJin is obssessed with the performance of Chuu's 'Heart Attack')
HeeJin: I was watching her practice and I thought the performance of 'Heart Attack' is really nice
HeeJin: I was like 'Orbit would love it so much'
HeeJin: 'because I really love it too even though I'm the member!''
(All the members are ready, including HyunJin we couldn't talk to!)